Update 2017 blog content files to move author details in front-matter (#46627)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2017-06-00-Kubernetes-1-7-Security-Hardening-Stateful-Application-Extensibility-Updates.md

date: 2017-06-30
slug: kubernetes-1.7-security-hardening-stateful-application-extensibility-updates
url: /blog/2017/06/Kubernetes-1-7-Security-Hardening-Stateful-Application-Extensibility-Updates
author: >
   Aparna Sinha (Google),
   Ihor Dvoretskyi (Mirantis)
---

> Today we’re announcing Kubernetes 1.7, a milestone release that adds security, storage and extensibility features motivated by widespread production use of Kubernetes in the most demanding enterprise environments.&nbsp;  

Reviewer: I'd write this:
```suggestion
_This article is by Aparna Sinha and Ihor Dvoretskyi, on behalf of the Kubernetes 1.7 release team._

Today we’re announcing Kubernetes 1.7, a milestone release that adds security, storage
and extensibility features motivated by widespread production use of Kubernetes
in the most demanding enterprise environments.
```
